 - [An Analysis of Anonymity in the Bitcoin System](./Papers/An%20Analysis%20of%20Anonymity%20in%20the%20Bitcoin%20System.pdf?raw=true) — Anonymity in Bitcoin, a peer-to-peer electronic currency system, is a com- plicated issue. Within the system, users are identified by public-keys only. An attacker wishing to de-anonymize its users will attempt to construct the one- to-many mapping between users and public-keys and associate information external to the system with the users. Bitcoin tries to prevent this attack by storing the mapping of a user to his or her public-keys on that user’s node only and by allowing each user to generate as many public-keys as required. In this chapter we consider the topological structure of two networks derived from Bitcoin’s public transaction history. We show that the two networks have a non-trivial topological structure, provide complementary views of the Bitcoin system and have implications for anonymity. We combine these struc- tures with external information and techniques such as context discovery and flow analysis to investigate an alleged theft of Bitcoins, which, at the time of the theft, had a market value of approximately half a million U.S. dollars.
 - [An Exploration of Bitcoin Anonymity](Papers/An%20Exploration%20of%20Bitcoin%20Anonymity.pdf?raw=true) — Bitcoin is rapidly becoming one of the most popular forms of cryptocurrency available today. Its growth is largely due to its decentralized and distributed design. Unfortunately, how- ever, such a design has serious implications on the anonymity of its users. Motivated by the inherent limitations of user anonymity, this survey contains a detailed overview of all scholarly works studying the anonymity properties of Bitcoin, as well as all known proposed solutions to remediate its shortcomings. Our goal is to illuminate such problems to scholarly researchers in this field and cultivate ideas for new solutions or alternative designs that can help bring cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin one step closer to global acceptance.
 - [Anonymity of Bitcoin Transactions](Papers/Anonymity%20of%20Bitcoin%20Transactions.pdf?raw=true) — Bitcoin, a distributed, cryptographic, digital currency, gained a lot of media attention for being an anonymous e-cash system. But as all transactions in the network are stored publicly in the blockchain, allowing anyone to inspect and analyze them, the system does not provide real anonymity but pseudonymity. There have already been studies showing the possibility to deanonymize bitcoin users based on the transaction graph and publicly available data. Furthermore, users could be tracked by bitcoin exchanges or shops, where they have to provide personal information that can then be linked to their bitcoin addresses. Special bitcoin mixing services claim to obfuscate the origin of transactions and thereby increase the anonymity of its users. In this paper we evaluate three of these services – Bitcoin Fog, BitLaun- dry, and the Send Shared functionality of Blockchain.info – by analyzing the transaction graph. While Bitcoin Fog and Blockchain.info successfully mix our transaction, we are able to find a direct relation between the input and output transactions in the graph of BitLaundry.
 - [Bitcoin over Tor isn’t a good idea](Papers/Bitcoin%20over%20Tor%20isn’t%20a%20good%20idea.pdf?raw=true) — Bitcoin is a decentralized P2P digital currency in which coins are generated by a distributed set of miners and transaction are broadcasted via a peer-to-peer network. While Bitcoin provides some level of anonymity (or rather pseudonymity) by encouraging the users to have any number of random-looking Bitcoin addresses, recent research shows that this level of anonymity is rather low. This encourages users to connect to the Bitcoin network through anonymizers like Tor and motivates development of default Tor functionality for popular mobile SPV clients. In this paper we show that combining Tor and Bitcoin creates an attack vector for the deterministic and stealthy man-in-the-middle attacks. A low-resource attacker can gain full control of information flows between all users who chose to use Bitcoin over Tor. In particular the attacker can link together user’s transactions regardless of pseudonyms used, control which Bitcoin blocks and transactions are relayed to the user and can delay or discard user’s transactions and blocks. In collusion with a powerful miner double-spending attacks become possible and a totally virtual Bitcoin reality can be created for such set of users. Moreover, we show how an attacker can fingerprint users and then recognize them and learn their IP address when they decide to connect to the Bitcoin network directly.
 - [Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System](Papers/Bitcoin-%20A%20Peer-to-Peer%20Electronic%20Cash%20System.pdf?raw=true) — A purely peer-to-peer version of electronic cash would allow online payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial institution. Digital signatures provide part of the solution, but the main benefits are lost if a trusted third party is still required to prevent double-spending. We propose a solution to the double-spending problem using a peer-to-peer network. The network timestamps transactions by hashing them into an ongoing chain of hash-based proof-of-work, forming a record that cannot be changed without redoing the proof-of-work. The longest chain not only serves as proof of the sequence of events witnessed, but proof that it came from the largest pool of CPU power. As long as a majority of CPU power is controlled by nodes that are not cooperating to attack the network, they'll generate the longest chain and outpace attackers. The network itself requires minimal structure. Messages are broadcast on a best effort basis, and nodes can leave and rejoin the network at will, accepting the longest proof-of-work chain as proof of what happened while they were gone.
 - [Proof-of-Work as Anonymous Micropayment- Rewarding a Tor Relay](Papers/Proof-of-Work%20as%20Anonymous%20Micropayment-%20Rewarding%20a%20Tor%20Relay.pdf?raw=true) — In this paper we propose a new micropayments scheme which can be used to reward Tor relay operators. Tor clients do not pay Tor relays with electronic cash directly but submit proof of work shares which the relays can resubmit to a crypto-currency mining pool. Relays credit users who submit shares with tickets that can later be used to purchase improved service. Both shares and tickets when sent over Tor circuits are anonymous. The analysis of the crypto-currencies market prices shows that the proposed scheme can compensate significant part of Tor relay operator’s expenses.
 - [Silk Road evidence record](Papers/Silk%20Road%20evidence%20record.pdf?raw=true)
 - [Structure and Anonymity of the Bitcoin Transaction Graph](Papers/Structure%20and%20Anonymity%20of%20the%20Bitcoin%20Transaction%20Graph.pdf?raw=true) — The Bitcoin network of decentralized payment transactions has attracted a lot of attention from both Internet users and researchers in recent years. Bitcoin utilizes a peer-to-peer network to issue anonymous payment transactions between different users. In the currently used Bitcoin clients, the full transaction history is available at each node of the network to prevent double spending without the need for a central authority, forming a valuable source for empirical research on network structure, network dynamics, and the implied anonymity challenges, as well as guidance on the future evolution of complex payment systems. We found dynamical effects of which some increase anonymity while others decrease it. Most importantly, several parameters of the Bitcoin transaction graph seem to have become stationary over the last 12–18 months. We discuss the implications.
 - [WiNoN — Plugging the Leaky Boat of Web Anonymity](Papers/WiNoN%20—%20Plugging%20the%20Leaky%20Boat%20of%20Web%20Anonymity.pdf?raw=true) — Despite the attempts of well-designed anonymous com- munication tools to protect users from being tracked or identified, other artifacts, such as a user’s environment and behavior, may leak a user’s identity. Plugging this leaky boat of web anonymity requires a “top-to-bottom” whole-system approach, rather than focusing on specific protocols or layers. As an initial step, we present WiNoN, a general purpose anonymity-centric system architecture that plugs identity leaks from the network layer up. The core concept powering WiNoN– nym-browse or pseudo- nym browsing mode – gives the user a web-browsing en- vironment in which each of the user’s contextually in- dependent web activities run in unique, yet homogenous containers. This enforced isolation limits accidental leak- age of private information regardless of misconfigured anonymity tools, trojan applications, or bugged files. This paper explores the WiNoN design space and presents an early prototype supporting Tor, Dissent, and SWEET com- munication tools as well as an incognito mode.
 - [Zerocash: Decentralized Anonymous Payments from Bitcoin](Papers/Zerocash-%20Decentralized%20Anonymous%20Payments%20from%20Bitcoin.pdf?raw=true) — Bitcoin is the first digital currency to see widespread adoption. Although payments are conducted between pseudonyms, Bitcoin cannot offer strong privacy guarantees: payment transactions are recorded in a public decentralized ledger, from which much information can be deduced. Zerocoin (Miers et al., IEEE S&P 2013) tackles some of these privacy issues by unlinking transactions from the payment’s origin. Yet it still reveals payment destinations and amounts, and is limited in functionality. In this paper, we construct a full-fledged ledger-based digital currency with strong privacy guarantees. Our results leverage recent advances in zero-knowledge Succinct Non-interactive ARguments of Knowledge (zk-SNARKs). We formulate and construct decentralized anonymous payment schemes (DAP schemes). A DAP scheme lets users pay each other directly and privately: the corresponding transaction hides the payment’s origin, destination, and amount. We provide formal definitions and proofs of the construction’s security. We then build Zerocash, a practical instantiation of our DAP scheme construction. In Zerocash, transactions are less than 1 kB and take under 6 ms to verify — orders of magnitude more efficient than the less-anonymous Zerocoin and competitive with plain Bitcoin.
 - [Zerocoin: Anonymous Distributed E-Cash from Bitcoin](Papers/Zerocoin:%20Anonymous%20Distributed%20E-Cash%20from%20Bitcoin.pdf?raw=true) — Bitcoin is the first e-cash system to see widespread adoption. While Bitcoin offers the potential for new types of financial interaction, it has significant limitations regarding privacy. Specifically, because the Bitcoin transaction log is completely public, users’ privacy is protected only through the use of pseudonyms. In this paper we propose Zerocoin, a crypto- graphic extension to Bitcoin that augments the protocol to allow for fully anonymous currency transactions. Our system uses standard cryptographic assumptions and does not introduce new trusted parties or otherwise change the security model of Bitcoin. We detail Zerocoin’s cryptographic construction, its integration into Bitcoin, and examine its performance both in terms of computation and impact on the Bitcoin protocol.
 - [An Inquiry into Money Laundering Tools](Papers/An%20Inquiry%20into%20Money%20Laundering%20Tools.pdf?raw=true) We provide a first systematic account of opportunitiesand limitations of anti-money laundering (AML) in Bitcoin, a decentralized cryptographic currency proliferating on the Internet. Our starting point is the observation that Bitcoin attracts criminal activity as many say it is an anonymous transactionsystem. While this claim does not stand up to scrutiny, several services offering increased transaction anonymization have emerged in the Bitcoin ecosystem – such as Bitcoin Fog, BitLaundry, and the Send Shared functionality of Blockchain.info. Some of these services routinely handle the equivalent of 6-digit dollar amounts. In a series of experiments, we use reverse-engineering methods to understand the mode of operation and try to trace anonymized transactions back to our probe accounts. While Bitcoin Fog and Blockchain.info successfully anonymize our test transactions, we can link the input and output transactions of BitLaundry. Against the backdrop of these findings, it appears unlikely that a Know-Your-Customer principle can be enforced in the Bitcoin system. Hence, we sketch alternative AML strategies accounting for imperfect knowledge of true identities but exploiting public information in the transaction graph, and discuss the implications for Bitcoin as a decentralized currency. Index Terms—Bitcoin, Money Laundering, Deanonymization
 - [Mixcoin- Anonymity for Bitcoin](Papers/Mixcoin-%20Anonymity%20for%20Bitcoin.pdf?raw=true)We propose Mixcoin, a protocol to facilitate anonymous payments in Bitcoin and similar cryptocurrencies. We build on the emergent phenomenon of currency mixes, adding an accountability mechanism to expose theft. We demonstrate that incentives of mixes and clients can be aligned to ensure that rational mixes will not steal. Our scheme is efficient and fully compatible with Bitcoin. Against a passive attacker, our scheme provides an anonymity set of all other users mixing coins contemporaneously. This is an interesting new property with no clear analog in better-studied communication mixes. Against active attackers our scheme offers similar anonymity to traditional communication mixes.
 - [CoinParty- Secure Multi-Party Mixing of Bitcoins] (Papers/CoinParty-%20Secure%20Multi-Party%20Mixing%20of%20Bitcoins.pdf?raw=true) Bitcoin is a digital currency that uses anonymous crypto- graphic identities to achieve financial privacy. However, Bit- coin's promise of anonymity is broken as recent work shows how Bitcoin's blockchain exposes users to reidentifcation and linking attacks. In consequence, different mixing ser- vices have emerged which promise to randomly mix a user's Bitcoins with other users' coins to provide anonymity based on the unlinkability of the mixing. However, proposed ap- proaches suffer either from weak security guarantees and single points of failure, or small anonymity sets and missing deniability. In this paper, we propose CoinParty a novel, decentralized mixing service for Bitcoin based on a com- bination of decryption mixnets with threshold signatures. CoinParty is secure against malicious adversaries and the evaluation of our prototype shows that it scales easily to a large number of participants in real-world network settings. By the application of threshold signatures to Bitcoin mix- ing, CoinParty achieves anonymity by orders of magnitude higher than related work as we quantify by analyzing trans- actions in the actual Bitcoin blockchain and is first among related approaches to provide plausible deniability.
 - [Locating Hidden Servers](http://www.onion-router.net/Publications/locating-hidden-servers.pdf) Hidden services were deployed on the Tor anonymous communication network in 2004. Announced properties include server resistance to distributed DoS. Both the EFF and Reporters Without Borders have issued guides that describe using hidden services via Tor to protect the safety of dissidents as well as to resist censorship. We present fast and cheap attacks that reveal the location of a hidden server. Using a single hostile Tor node we have located deployed hidden servers in a matter of minutes. Although we examine hidden services over Tor, our results apply to any client using a variety of anonymity networks. In fact, these are the first actual intersection attacks on any deployed public network: thus confirming general expectations from prior theory and simulation. We recommend changes to route selection design and implementation for Tor. These changes require no operational increase in network overhead and are simple to make; but they prevent the attacks we have demonstrated. They have been implemented
