Overview.md, before:

 - [An Analysis of Anonymity in the Bitcoin System](./Papers/An%20Analysis%20of%20Anonymity%20in%20the%20Bitcoin%20System.pdf?raw=true) — Anonymity in Bitcoin, a peer-to-peer electronic currency system, is a com- plicated issue. Within the system, users are identified by public-keys only. An attacker wishing to de-anonymize its users will attempt to construct the one- to-many mapping between users and public-keys and associate information external to the system with the users. Bitcoin tries to prevent this attack by storing the mapping of a user to his or her public-keys on that user’s node only and by allowing each user to generate as many public-keys as required. In this chapter we consider the topological structure of two networks derived from Bitcoin’s public transaction history. We show that the two networks have a non-trivial topological structure, provide complementary views of the Bitcoin system and have implications for anonymity. We combine these struc- tures with external information and techniques such as context discovery and flow analysis to investigate an alleged theft of Bitcoins, which, at the time of the theft, had a market value of approximately half a million U.S. dollars.
 - [Anonymity of Bitcoin Transactions](Papers/Anonymity%20of%20Bitcoin%20Transactions.pdf?raw=true) — Bitcoin, a distributed, cryptographic, digital currency, gained a lot of media attention for being an anonymous e-cash system. But as all transactions in the network are stored publicly in the blockchain, allowing anyone to inspect and analyze them, the system does not provide real anonymity but pseudonymity. There have already been studies showing the possibility to deanonymize bitcoin users based on the transaction graph and publicly available data. Furthermore, users could be tracked by bitcoin exchanges or shops, where they have to provide personal information that can then be linked to their bitcoin addresses. Special bitcoin mixing services claim to obfuscate the origin of transactions and thereby increase the anonymity of its users. In this paper we evaluate three of these services – Bitcoin Fog, BitLaun- dry, and the Send Shared functionality of Blockchain.info – by analyzing the transaction graph. While Bitcoin Fog and Blockchain.info successfully mix our transaction, we are able to find a direct relation between the input and output transactions in the graph of BitLaundry.
 - [Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System](Papers/Bitcoin-%20A%20Peer-to-Peer%20Electronic%20Cash%20System.pdf?raw=true) — A purely peer-to-peer version of electronic cash would allow online payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial institution. Digital signatures provide part of the solution, but the main benefits are lost if a trusted third party is still required to prevent double-spending. We propose a solution to the double-spending problem using a peer-to-peer network. The network timestamps transactions by hashing them into an ongoing chain of hash-based proof-of-work, forming a record that cannot be changed without redoing the proof-of-work. The longest chain not only serves as proof of the sequence of events witnessed, but proof that it came from the largest pool of CPU power. As long as a majority of CPU power is controlled by nodes that are not cooperating to attack the network, they'll generate the longest chain and outpace attackers. The network itself requires minimal structure. Messages are broadcast on a best effort basis, and nodes can leave and rejoin the network at will, accepting the longest proof-of-work chain as proof of what happened while they were gone.
 - [Silk Road evidence record](Papers/Silk%20Road%20evidence%20record.pdf?raw=true)
 - [WiNoN — Plugging the Leaky Boat of Web Anonymity](Papers/WiNoN%20—%20Plugging%20the%20Leaky%20Boat%20of%20Web%20Anonymity.pdf?raw=true) — Despite the attempts of well-designed anonymous com- munication tools to protect users from being tracked or identified, other artifacts, such as a user’s environment and behavior, may leak a user’s identity. Plugging this leaky boat of web anonymity requires a “top-to-bottom” whole-system approach, rather than focusing on specific protocols or layers. As an initial step, we present WiNoN, a general purpose anonymity-centric system architecture that plugs identity leaks from the network layer up. The core concept powering WiNoN– nym-browse or pseudo- nym browsing mode – gives the user a web-browsing en- vironment in which each of the user’s contextually in- dependent web activities run in unique, yet homogenous containers. This enforced isolation limits accidental leak- age of private information regardless of misconfigured anonymity tools, trojan applications, or bugged files. This paper explores the WiNoN design space and presents an early prototype supporting Tor, Dissent, and SWEET com- munication tools as well as an incognito mode.
 - [Zerocash: Decentralized Anonymous Payments from Bitcoin](Papers/Zerocash-%20Decentralized%20Anonymous%20Payments%20from%20Bitcoin.pdf?raw=true) — Bitcoin is the first digital currency to see widespread adoption. Although payments are conducted between pseudonyms, Bitcoin cannot offer strong privacy guarantees: payment transactions are recorded in a public decentralized ledger, from which much information can be deduced. Zerocoin (Miers et al., IEEE S&P 2013) tackles some of these privacy issues by unlinking transactions from the payment’s origin. Yet it still reveals payment destinations and amounts, and is limited in functionality. In this paper, we construct a full-fledged ledger-based digital currency with strong privacy guarantees. Our results leverage recent advances in zero-knowledge Succinct Non-interactive ARguments of Knowledge (zk-SNARKs). We formulate and construct decentralized anonymous payment schemes (DAP schemes). A DAP scheme lets users pay each other directly and privately: the corresponding transaction hides the payment’s origin, destination, and amount. We provide formal definitions and proofs of the construction’s security. We then build Zerocash, a practical instantiation of our DAP scheme construction. In Zerocash, transactions are less than 1 kB and take under 6 ms to verify — orders of magnitude more efficient than the less-anonymous Zerocoin and competitive with plain Bitcoin.
 - [Zerocoin: Anonymous Distributed E-Cash from Bitcoin](Papers/Zerocoin:%20Anonymous%20Distributed%20E-Cash%20from%20Bitcoin.pdf?raw=true) — Bitcoin is the first e-cash system to see widespread adoption. While Bitcoin offers the potential for new types of financial interaction, it has significant limitations regarding privacy. Specifically, because the Bitcoin transaction log is completely public, users’ privacy is protected only through the use of pseudonyms. In this paper we propose Zerocoin, a crypto- graphic extension to Bitcoin that augments the protocol to allow for fully anonymous currency transactions. Our system uses standard cryptographic assumptions and does not introduce new trusted parties or otherwise change the security model of Bitcoin. We detail Zerocoin’s cryptographic construction, its integration into Bitcoin, and examine its performance both in terms of computation and impact on the Bitcoin protocol.

Commit message:

'Structure and Anonymity of the Bitcoin Transaction Graph' added

Overview.md, after:

 - [An Analysis of Anonymity in the Bitcoin System](./Papers/An%20Analysis%20of%20Anonymity%20in%20the%20Bitcoin%20System.pdf?raw=true) — Anonymity in Bitcoin, a peer-to-peer electronic currency system, is a com- plicated issue. Within the system, users are identified by public-keys only. An attacker wishing to de-anonymize its users will attempt to construct the one- to-many mapping between users and public-keys and associate information external to the system with the users. Bitcoin tries to prevent this attack by storing the mapping of a user to his or her public-keys on that user’s node only and by allowing each user to generate as many public-keys as required. In this chapter we consider the topological structure of two networks derived from Bitcoin’s public transaction history. We show that the two networks have a non-trivial topological structure, provide complementary views of the Bitcoin system and have implications for anonymity. We combine these struc- tures with external information and techniques such as context discovery and flow analysis to investigate an alleged theft of Bitcoins, which, at the time of the theft, had a market value of approximately half a million U.S. dollars.
 - [Anonymity of Bitcoin Transactions](Papers/Anonymity%20of%20Bitcoin%20Transactions.pdf?raw=true) — Bitcoin, a distributed, cryptographic, digital currency, gained a lot of media attention for being an anonymous e-cash system. But as all transactions in the network are stored publicly in the blockchain, allowing anyone to inspect and analyze them, the system does not provide real anonymity but pseudonymity. There have already been studies showing the possibility to deanonymize bitcoin users based on the transaction graph and publicly available data. Furthermore, users could be tracked by bitcoin exchanges or shops, where they have to provide personal information that can then be linked to their bitcoin addresses. Special bitcoin mixing services claim to obfuscate the origin of transactions and thereby increase the anonymity of its users. In this paper we evaluate three of these services – Bitcoin Fog, BitLaun- dry, and the Send Shared functionality of Blockchain.info – by analyzing the transaction graph. While Bitcoin Fog and Blockchain.info successfully mix our transaction, we are able to find a direct relation between the input and output transactions in the graph of BitLaundry.
 - [Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System](Papers/Bitcoin-%20A%20Peer-to-Peer%20Electronic%20Cash%20System.pdf?raw=true) — A purely peer-to-peer version of electronic cash would allow online payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial institution. Digital signatures provide part of the solution, but the main benefits are lost if a trusted third party is still required to prevent double-spending. We propose a solution to the double-spending problem using a peer-to-peer network. The network timestamps transactions by hashing them into an ongoing chain of hash-based proof-of-work, forming a record that cannot be changed without redoing the proof-of-work. The longest chain not only serves as proof of the sequence of events witnessed, but proof that it came from the largest pool of CPU power. As long as a majority of CPU power is controlled by nodes that are not cooperating to attack the network, they'll generate the longest chain and outpace attackers. The network itself requires minimal structure. Messages are broadcast on a best effort basis, and nodes can leave and rejoin the network at will, accepting the longest proof-of-work chain as proof of what happened while they were gone.
 - [Silk Road evidence record](Papers/Silk%20Road%20evidence%20record.pdf?raw=true)
 - [Structure and Anonymity of the Bitcoin Transaction Graph](Papers/Structure%20and%20Anonymity%20of%20the%20Bitcoin%20Transaction%20Graph.pdf?raw=true) — The Bitcoin network of decentralized payment transactions has attracted a lot of attention from both Internet users and researchers in recent years. Bitcoin utilizes a peer-to-peer network to issue anonymous payment transactions between different users. In the currently used Bitcoin clients, the full transaction history is available at each node of the network to prevent double spending without the need for a central authority, forming a valuable source for empirical research on network structure, network dynamics, and the implied anonymity challenges, as well as guidance on the future evolution of complex payment systems. We found dynamical effects of which some increase anonymity while others decrease it. Most importantly, several parameters of the Bitcoin transaction graph seem to have become stationary over the last 12–18 months. We discuss the implications.
 - [WiNoN — Plugging the Leaky Boat of Web Anonymity](Papers/WiNoN%20—%20Plugging%20the%20Leaky%20Boat%20of%20Web%20Anonymity.pdf?raw=true) — Despite the attempts of well-designed anonymous com- munication tools to protect users from being tracked or identified, other artifacts, such as a user’s environment and behavior, may leak a user’s identity. Plugging this leaky boat of web anonymity requires a “top-to-bottom” whole-system approach, rather than focusing on specific protocols or layers. As an initial step, we present WiNoN, a general purpose anonymity-centric system architecture that plugs identity leaks from the network layer up. The core concept powering WiNoN– nym-browse or pseudo- nym browsing mode – gives the user a web-browsing en- vironment in which each of the user’s contextually in- dependent web activities run in unique, yet homogenous containers. This enforced isolation limits accidental leak- age of private information regardless of misconfigured anonymity tools, trojan applications, or bugged files. This paper explores the WiNoN design space and presents an early prototype supporting Tor, Dissent, and SWEET com- munication tools as well as an incognito mode.
 - [Zerocash: Decentralized Anonymous Payments from Bitcoin](Papers/Zerocash-%20Decentralized%20Anonymous%20Payments%20from%20Bitcoin.pdf?raw=true) — Bitcoin is the first digital currency to see widespread adoption. Although payments are conducted between pseudonyms, Bitcoin cannot offer strong privacy guarantees: payment transactions are recorded in a public decentralized ledger, from which much information can be deduced. Zerocoin (Miers et al., IEEE S&P 2013) tackles some of these privacy issues by unlinking transactions from the payment’s origin. Yet it still reveals payment destinations and amounts, and is limited in functionality. In this paper, we construct a full-fledged ledger-based digital currency with strong privacy guarantees. Our results leverage recent advances in zero-knowledge Succinct Non-interactive ARguments of Knowledge (zk-SNARKs). We formulate and construct decentralized anonymous payment schemes (DAP schemes). A DAP scheme lets users pay each other directly and privately: the corresponding transaction hides the payment’s origin, destination, and amount. We provide formal definitions and proofs of the construction’s security. We then build Zerocash, a practical instantiation of our DAP scheme construction. In Zerocash, transactions are less than 1 kB and take under 6 ms to verify — orders of magnitude more efficient than the less-anonymous Zerocoin and competitive with plain Bitcoin.
 - [Zerocoin: Anonymous Distributed E-Cash from Bitcoin](Papers/Zerocoin:%20Anonymous%20Distributed%20E-Cash%20from%20Bitcoin.pdf?raw=true) — Bitcoin is the first e-cash system to see widespread adoption. While Bitcoin offers the potential for new types of financial interaction, it has significant limitations regarding privacy. Specifically, because the Bitcoin transaction log is completely public, users’ privacy is protected only through the use of pseudonyms. In this paper we propose Zerocoin, a crypto- graphic extension to Bitcoin that augments the protocol to allow for fully anonymous currency transactions. Our system uses standard cryptographic assumptions and does not introduce new trusted parties or otherwise change the security model of Bitcoin. We detail Zerocoin’s cryptographic construction, its integration into Bitcoin, and examine its performance both in terms of computation and impact on the Bitcoin protocol.
